Run post deploy tests from teamcity (#3223)
guardian/support-frontend: prout/seen.md

> - Keep an eye out for [post deployment test](https://github.com/guardian/support-frontend/wiki/Post-Deployment-Testing) results on [TOBE CONFIRMED URL](https://support.thegurardian.com)

Author: ```suggestion
- Keep an eye out for [post deployment test](https://github.com/guardian/support-frontend/wiki/Post-Deployment-Testing) results on [teamcity](https://teamcity.gutools.co.uk/buildConfiguration/memsub_Support_SupportFrontendPostDeployTests?branch=%3Cdefault%3E&mode=builds)
```
